light salty cake with ham and cheese
to prepare the light salty cake with
ham and cheese we will need a plate
of puff pastry 200 grams of cheese
fat cream a bar of
requiem and chicken broth 200 milliliters
of liquid cream 18% fat
spoonful of chopped oregano 3 eggs 250
grams of ham in tacos a
large onion 50 grams of cheese
grated salt
and a stream of virgin olive oil
extra peel the onion and chop it in
juliana we heat a little olive oil
a pan and when it's hot
fry the onion over medium heat until
I started taking
we add the 250 grams of ham to the
pan stir to mix with
the onion and sauté a couple of minutes
so that it takes something golden
After a while we remove the onion and
the ham of the pan and we drain it
to remove the excess oil
we reserve
in the blender glass we put the
three eggs
250 grams of cream cheese
200 milliliters of liquid cream the
vegan
displaced chicken broth to boost
the taste of the dish and a little salt and
Pepper
and we crush everything until
get a cream without lumps
stretch the puff pastry on the
work table and we put it in a
source for the oven by removing the
surplus
pour the mixture that we just
prepare on the puff pastry
and on top we distribute the onion and the
Ham
sprinkle with grated cheese to taste
we bake at 180 degrees for 30
minutes until we see that the cream has
curd and puff pastry is grade the
we can enjoy both cold and
hot and ready to eat